README.md, before:

# protocli

This is a CLI prototyping tool using the [Matcher Format](https://github.com/mmcquillan/matcher) with response variable substitution.


## Install

On the mac, you can install via brew as:

`brew install mmcquillan/tools/protocli`

Launch by passing in a config file:

`protocli <config>`


## Config

The configuration is a YAML based file, like the one here:

```
---
prompt: "> "
commands:
-
  command: "version"
  response: "0.1"
  color: "white"
-
  command: "do plan <file>"
  response: "Planning ${file}...
	\nComplete"
```

### prompt
- Description: A prompt to show in the protocli interaction
- Default: `> `
- Type: string

### commands
- Description: A list of commands to respond to
- Default: none
- Type: list

### command
- Description: A command to respond to, using the [Matcher Format](https://github.com/mmcquillan/matcher)
- Default: none
- Type: string

### response
- Description: A response to show when the command is written
- Default: none
- Type: string

### color
- Description: Color to print the response in (red | green | yellow | blue | magenta | cyan | white)
- Default: white
- Type: string


## Releases

v0.2.0
- Added custom prompts
- Added proper exit handling
- Added config command line paramater
- Added output color
- Added dynamic config reload
- Updated matcher library for short flags

v0.1.0
- Initial Release

Commit message:

Added delay option to repsonse

README.md, after:

# protocli

This is a CLI prototyping tool using the [Matcher Format](https://github.com/mmcquillan/matcher) with response variable substitution.


## Install

On the mac, you can install via brew as:

`brew install mmcquillan/tools/protocli`

Launch by passing in a config file:

`protocli <config>`


## Config

The configuration is a YAML based file, like the one here:

```
---
prompt: "> "
commands:
-
  command: "version"
  response: "0.1"
  color: "white"
-
  command: "do plan <file>"
  response: "Planning ${file}...
  \nComplete"
  delay: 2
```

### prompt
- Description: A prompt to show in the protocli interaction
- Default: `> `
- Type: string

### commands
- Description: A list of commands to respond to
- Default: none
- Type: list

### command
- Description: A command to respond to, using the [Matcher Format](https://github.com/mmcquillan/matcher)
- Default: none
- Type: string

### response
- Description: A response to show when the command is written
- Default: none
- Type: string

### color
- Description: Color to print the response in (red | green | yellow | blue | magenta | cyan | white)
- Default: white
- Type: string

### delay
- Description: Number of seconds to delay before showing response
- Default: 0
- Type: int


## Releases

v0.2.0
- Added custom prompts
- Added proper exit handling
- Added config command line paramater
- Added output color
- Added dynamic config reload
- Updated matcher library for short flags
- Added delay option to response

v0.1.0
- Initial Release
